### E1 - Extended Features Flag

The E1 flag controls whether certain new and extended features are enabled
in TECO. By default, all of the bits below are set, but an initialization
file may be used to customize which bits are set or cleared.

E1&1 - Allow extended operators within parentheses.
- If this bit is clear, no
extended operators are allowed.
- If this bit is set, the following operators may be used, as long as they
are within parentheses. The relational operators return a value of 0 if the
relation is false and -1 if it is true.

    - ==    (equal)
    - <>    (not equal)
    - <     (less than)
    - <=    (less than or equal)
    - \>    (greater than)
    - \>=   (greater than or equal)
    - //    (division yielding remainder)
    - ~     (exclusive OR)
    - \<<   (arithmetic left shift)
    - \>>   (arithmetic right shift)
    - !     (logical NOT)

E1&2 - Modifies the behavior of the ^H command.
- If this bit is clear, ^H returns the time as seconds since midnight divided
by two (this is the same behavior as TECO on RT-11, RSX-11, and VMS).

- If this bit is set, ^H returns the time as milliseconds since midnight.

E1&4 - Allows the use of braced text strings.
- If this bit is clear, text strings following commands work as with other TECOs.

- If this bit is set, then commands which are modified by at-signs can
use paired braces to enclose the text strings, as in the following examples:

    @S {foo}

    @FN {foo} {baz}

- A side effect of this feature is that whitespace before a left brace or
after a right brace is ignored.

E1&8 - Allow dollar signs in symbols
- If this bit is clear, dollar signs are not valid symbol constituents for
the ^EC match control construct or the n“C command.

- If this bit is set, dollar signs are valid.

E1&16 - Allow underscores in symbols
- If this bit is clear, underscores are not valid symbol constituents for
the ^EC match control construct or the n“C command.

- If this bit is set, underscores are valid.

E1&32 - Allow immediate execution of EI commands
- If this bit is clear, EI commands are executed after TECO has completed
executing the current command string. 

- If this bit is set, execution of the current command string is interrupted
to execute the EI command. When that has completed, execution of the current
command string resumes.

E1&64 - Allow comment tags
- If this bit is clear, all tags must start and end with the same character
(usually !, unless the @ modifier is used).

- If this bit is set, a tag that starts with !! specifies a comment that
continues through the end of the current line.
