### E3 - File Operations Flag

E3&1
- If this bit is clear, FF is a page separator, and is not normally
included in text buffers.
- If this bit is set, set, FF is a normal input character and not a page
separator.

E3&2
- Specifies whether “smart” line terminator mode is in effect. If this bit
is clear, then the next two bits determine what line terminators are used
for input and output.
- If this bit is set, the line terminator for the first line read sets the
next two bits. If the first line ends with LF, then all CR/LF is translated
to LF on input, and lines are output with LF only. If the first line ends
with CR/LF, then all input lines will end with CR/LF, as will all output lines.

E3&4
- Specifies whether the line delimiter for input files is LF or CR/LF. If this
bit is clear, the delimiter is LF.
- If this bit is set, CR/LF is translated to LF on input.
- The default setting is clear for Linux and MacOS, and set for Windows and VMS.

E3&8
- Specifies whether the line delimiter for output files is LF or CR/LF. If this
bit is clear, the delimiter is LF.
- If this bit is set, LF is translated to CR/LF on output.
- The default setting is clear for Linux and MacOS, and set for Windows and VMS.

E3&16
- This bit affects the behavior of echoed input to log files (opened with the
EL command). If the bit is clear, all echoed input is written to the log file. 
- If the bit is set, echoed input is not written to the log file.

E3&32
- This bit affects the behavior of output messages to log files (opened with
the EL command). If the bit is clear, all output is written to the log file.
- If the bit is set, output is not written to the log file.
